Gh-380: Update user guide querying section (#393)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/user-guide/apis/python-api.md

# Using the Python API

This section covers an overview of the python API extension for Gaffer to
demonstrate how to get up and running to perform queries from Python code on an
existing running graph.

!!! tip

>     Please see the handy introduction on [what is python](../gaffer-basics/what-is-python.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please see the handy introduction to [Python](../gaffer-basics/what-is-python.md)
```
Potential rephrase?

    if you are new to the language.

## What is the Python Extension?

Commonly referred to as `gafferpy` this is an API to gaffer that provides
similar querying capabilities to the rest API but from Python. Fundamentally it
wraps the rest API to use the same JSON under the hood this means you should be
able to access almost any features or end points available in the main rest API.

## Installation

Currently there isn't a release of `gafferpy` on pypi or other pip repository;
however, the source code can still be cloned from the [git repository](https://github.com/gchq/gaffer-tools/tree/develop/python-shell)

> and installed via pip. Please see the readme in the `gafferpy` repository for

Reviewer: link the readme?

Author: I could do, but I didn't put it in here as there was a link to the repository in the sentence directly before which will render the readme when you access it

full instructions.

## How to Query a Graph

To get started with `gafferpy` you will need to import the module and connect to
an existing graph, the connection should be the same address as where the rest
API is running.

```python
from gafferpy import gaffer
from gafferpy import gaffer_connector
g_connector = gaffer_connector.GafferConnector("http://localhost:8080/rest/latest")
```

Once connected you can access and run the same endpoints and operations as you
would via the usual rest API but via their python classes. The endpoints are
accessed via the `GafferConnector` to allow you executing Operation chains to
perform queries on the graph.

!!! note

>     There may be of the features of the full rest API not be present in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some of the features of the full rest API may not be present in
```

>     `gafferpy` as always check the [reference guide](../../reference/intro.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `gafferpy` so always check the [reference guide](../../reference/intro.md)
```

    first.

!!! example ""
    A simple Operation can be called via the `execute_operation()` function. As
    an example, the following will get all the elements in a graph:

    ```python
    elements = g_connector.execute_operation(
        operation =  gaffer.GetAllElements()
    )
    ```

!!! example ""

>     An Operation chain can be ran using the `execute_operation_chain()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An Operation chain can be run using the `execute_operation_chain()` function.
```

    As an example, the following will get all the elements in a graph then
    count them.

    ```python
    count = g_connector.execute_operation_chain(
        operation_chain = gaffer.OperationChain(
            operations=[
                gaffer.GetAllElements(),
                gaffer.Count()
            ]
        )
    )
    ```

Along with running Operations you can of course optionally apply some filtering

> provided by a `View`. There are more detail on both [filtering](../query/gaffer-syntax/filtering.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using a `View`. There is more detail on both [filtering](../query/gaffer-syntax/filtering.md)
```

Not sure if I understand it right, but provided by a View does not seem to make sense. Might be a rephrase on the whole sentence instead.

Author: Was probably meant to read as "apply some filtering by providing a `View`"
